like pick a man bring your kit
I hoped today might be a good day hope
is a dangerous thing you have a brother
in the second Battalion yes sir they're
walking into a trap
your orders are to deliver a message
calling off tomorrow morning's attack
if you fail it will be a massacre let's
talk about this for a minutes why
we've got August across here that is the
German frontline if we're not clever
about this no one will get to your
brother
Oh will
[Music]
there's only one way this ends
Last Man Standing
[Music]
we need to keep moving come on
possibly make it that way man you bloody
insane
[Music]
if you don't get there in time
we will lose 1,600 men no brother among
them good luck
how long we've known each other chin I
ever break a promise to you I will put
you in the driver's seat at Lamar and
just shut your mouth and let me do my
thing
all right morning she'll be worn in
Molly Appeals now go to hell
and that's it folks Ferrari wins the 24
Hours of LaVon for the fifth consecutive
year
mr. Ford Ferrari has a message for you
sir what did they say
you said Ford makes healthy little cars
in ugly factories and God you fat sir
we're gonna bury Ferrari at LeMond so
the great cowl Shelby is gonna build a
car to beat Ferrari with a forward
correct and how long did you tell them
you needed two or three hundred years 90
days Paul hates guys like us because
we're different we heard he's difficult
to Kim no no Ken's a puppy dog
[Music]
it's Soho there's a problem the computer
will find it you get some scotch tape
and a ball of wool what are they doing
making your car faster
ten miles it's not a fourth man we're on
the verge of something and now you tell
me that I can't have the best man in the
world behind the wheel give me one
reason why I don't fire everyone
starting with you well sir the lighter
work faster and that don't work we're
nastier
go ahead go go to war fire risk I
thought the whole point was to win the
damn race
[Applause]
if this were a beauty pageant
we just lost looks aren't everything is
not so Jojo yeah man prepare to
leave the house there you boys will be
involved in such activities as for games
ambush techniques is employ stuffer I
don't think I can do this yes of course
you can bounce to imaginary friend come
in so much trouble
growing up too fast 10 young 20
celebrating war and talking politics I
wish more of our young boys had your
blind fanaticism
did you know juice can read each other's
might such how would you know who saw
one they just like us hi you know what I
am sit
gesundheit that was intense
what am I going to do no idea good girl
8000 language to judge well negotiate I
tell you
they'll never win there's a strongest in
the world
your mother took me in she's kinda she
treats me like a person
you two seem to be getting on well it
doesn't seem like a bad person
I'm the enemy
you're not a nut Jojo you're a ten year
old kid who likes dressing up in a
friend in uniform wants to be part of a
club
[Music]
Oh God nothing makes sense anymore yeah
I know it's definitely not a good time
to be a Nazi
ah you please stop bothering like him
Sir Arthur I have some bad news for you
[Music]
this is the last time we'll be meeting
you don't listen dear you just asked the
same questions every week how's your job
are you having any negative thoughts all
I have are negative thoughts
and finally in a world where everyone
thinks they could do my job
check out this guy when I was a little
boy and told people I was gonna be a
comedian everyone laughed at me well no
one's laughing now you can say that
again
[Music]
so hospital isn't it
for my hairy life
if I even really existed
but I do
people starting to notice
I think this is funny
is the joke to you
Marie one small thing yeah when you
bring me out can you introduce me as
Joker
[Music]
send a
the cloud
[Music]
I'm working on a novel it is a story of
my life and my sister's make it short
and spicy and if the main character is a
girl
make sure she's married by the end Wow
I want to be an artist in Rome and be
the best painter in the world what you
want to isn't a Joe to be a famous
writer yes well it sounds so crass when
she says my girls have a way of getting
into mischief so do i this is Meg Amy
Beth in jail
I intend to make my own way in the world
no one makes their own way least of all
a woman you'll need to marry well you
are not married not well that because
I'm rich
so would you like to dance with me I
can't because I scorched my dress and
you made told me to keep still so no one
would see it I have an idea of how we
can manage
Joe is a lost cause
that's who are your families hope
I believe we have some power over who we
love it isn't something that just
happens to a person
I think the poets might disagree we can
leave right now I'll sell stories
showing you here should be an actress
and you should have a life on the stage
just because my dreams are different
than yours doesn't mean they're
unimportant ever since I've known you
Joe I couldn't help a new play written
by Miss Joe moss
women they have minds and they have
souls as well as just hearts I want to
be great or nothing and they've got
ambition and they've got talent as well
as just beauty I'm so sick of people
saying that love is just all of them in
except for I'm so sick of it
[Music]
[Applause]
there are some nature's - laughing - man
[Music]
so who does she marry what I love about
Nicole she is a mother who plays really
plays what I love about Charlie he loves
being a dad he loves all the things
you're supposed to hate like waking up
at night she knows when to push me and
when to leave me alone he never lets
other people keep him from what he wants
to do no it's not easy for her to close
a captain he's incredible need she's
brave he's brilliant he's very
competitive
[Music]
so I'll tell Charlie what's happening
and Cassie you then
hand him hand below I just get nervous
can you unser what do you mean like take
it back
Charlie and I are getting a divorce mom
you can't be friends with him anymore
[Applause]
you know most people in my business we
just transaction say that I like to
think of it was people okay good you
remind me of myself on my second
marriage
all right what we're gonna do together
is tell me your story you dye your hair
good well this is me you don't like it
is it shorter I prefer a longer but how
are you doing I realized I never really
come along for myself I was just feeding
his aliveness
I'll never get to really be his parent
together he needs to know that I fought
for him
[Music]
it's not as simple as not being in love
anymore eventually they'll be the two of
you having a figured this happen
[Music]
together
if we start from a place of reasonable
and they start from a place of crazy
when we settled will be somewhere
between reasonable and crazy
[Music]
to my right is bounty law series lead
and Jake Cahill himself
Rick Dalton and to my left is Rick stunt
double cliff booth so Rick explain to
the audience exactly what it is a stunt
double does actors are required to do a
lot of dangerous stuff cliff here is
meant to help carry the load is that how
you describe your job cliff what
carrying his load adds about right
[Music]
my hands are registered as lethal
weapons we get into a fight I
accidentally kill you I go to jail
anybody accidentally kills anybody in a
fight to go to jail it's called
manslaughter
[Music]
that was the best acting I've ever seen
in my whole life thank you
[Music]
zubaba not a while
enduro Savannah's little dog walk
[Music]
to tracking down the ratio of the
addition the crisis in gradua yellow
text into cron wa tottemo truly Oh baby
I didn't mean I told you that's truly
the world it's so hot
wait time so much distance is it okay
with you what a song you know Anthony's
reverti didn't they jump into the cream
control towers and abandon their just
Romano holiday jeschica we don't really
know cause I'm banging into more enemies
action
[Music]
I'm gone daddy I'm deadly serious
convinced ancillary fabulous
[Music]
you
Frank Sheeran I say right yeah you said
right under the contract management can
only fire a driver on very specific
charges so you have a show up late look
give any moving violation no do you
drink on the job
no never hit anybody have a job yeah I
don't think so all right then we don't
have nothing to worry about I want you
to meet my cousin Russell Bufalino oh
yeah hey nice to meet you
who's like the army you followed orders
you did the right thing
you got rewarded
the friend of ours is having trouble
friend that the cop back then there was
nobody in this country who didn't know
who Jimmy Hoffa was it always charged a
guy with a gun with a knife you run away
so you're charged with a gun with a
knife you run now your friend would you
like to be part of history
yes I would big business and the
government are working together trying
to pull us apart
something's gotta be done what else he
say now's not the time to not say we're
going at war with these people or digit
down daddy
with our friends you gotta sit down
everybody says so
I can't do it
it's what it is where this I knew things
they don't know why
it's gonna happen either way he's going
[Music]
you know I don't care okay whether you
did it or not that makes no difference
to me
yeah I'm here to defend you right right
do you wanna know if I did
[Music]